AAP-33505 - Add clarifying note for SAML IDP extra_data details (#2711)
ansible/aap-docs: downstream/modules/platform/proc-controller-set-up-SAML.adoc

+
. Optional: In the *SAML IDP to extra_data attribute mapping* field, enter values to map  IDP attributes to extra_data attributes. For more information, see link:https://python-social-auth.readthedocs.io/en/latest/backends/saml.html#advanced-settings[advanced SAML settings].
+

> [NOTE]
> ====
> Any parameters other than the defaults (User Last Name, User First Name, User Email, etc.) must include attributes for mapping in the *SAML IDP to extra_data attribute mapping* field. This ensures all non-default attributes are properly interpreted by Ansible Automation Platform. For example, 
> -----
> - Department
> - UserType
> - Organization
> -----
> ====
> +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[NOTE]
====
By default only the attributes in the SAML Assertion identified in the fields: User Email, Username, User Last Name, User First Name, and User Permanent ID are available for AAP authenticator maps.

If you would like to make other attributes from the SAML Assertion available for AAP authenticator maps you must include them in the *SAML IDP to extra_data attribute mapping* field. For example:
-----
- Department
- UserType
- Organization
-----

Alternatively, if you want all attributes returned by the SAML Assertion to be avialable for AAP authenticator_maps you can add the following setting to *Additional Authenticator Fields*:
-----
GET_ALL_EXTRA_DATA: true
-----

====
+
```

Author: SME changes added to source file with editorial modifications.
